Added a file for  the get favicon api (#1500)
MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback: specs/GetFavicon.md

  /// Add an event handler for the `FaviconChanged` event.
  /// `FaviconChanged` runs when the WebView favicon changes
  HRESULT add_FaviconChanged(
        [in] ICoreWebView2FaviconChangedEventHandler* eventHandler,
        [out] EventRegistrationToken* token);

  /// Removing the event handler for `FaviconChanged` event
  HRESULT remove_FaviconChanged(
      [in] EventRegistrationToken token);

/// Async function for getting the actual image data of the favicon
 HRESULT GetFaviconAsync(
        [in] COREWEBVIEW2_FAVICON_IMAGE_FORMAT format,
        [in] IStream * imageStream,
        [in] ICoreWebView2GetFaviconCompletedHandler* eventHandler
 );

  /// used to access the current value of the favicon
  /// If a page has no favicon then this returns a nullptr
  [propget] HRESULT FaviconUri([out, retval] LPWSTR* value);

}
[v1_enum]
typedef enum COREWEBVIEW2_FAVICON_IMAGE_FORMAT {
    /// Indicates that the function should return the favicon in PNG format
    COREWEBVIEW2_CAPTURE_PREVIEW_IMAGE_FORMAT_PNG,

    /// Indicates that the function should return the favicon in JPG format
    COREWEBVIEW2_CAPTURE_PREVIEW_IMAGE_FORMAT_JPEG,
}
```

## .Net/ WinRT
```c#

> [interface_name("Microsoft.Web.WebView2.Core.ICoreWebView2")]

Reviewer: We still want the namespace block and the new enum and everything. I just meant within the runtime CoreWebView2 block to have the interface_name block. Sorry I wasnt clear.

                
                wil::unique_cotaskmem_string url;
                CHECK_FAILURE(sender->get_FaviconUri(&url));
                wil::com_ptr<IStream> pStream = SHCreateMemStream(nullptr, 0);

                sender->GetFavicon(
                    COREWEBVIEW2_FAVICON_IMAGE_FORMAT_PNG, 
                    pStream,
                    Callback<
                        ICoreWebView2StagingGetFaviconCompletedHandler>(
                        [&pStream, this](HRESULT code) -> HRESULT {
                                    Gdiplus::Bitmap* pBitmap = new Gdiplus::Bitmap(pStream);
                                    HICON icon;
                                    pBitmap->GetHICON(&icon);
                                    SendMessage(
                                        m_appWindow->GetMainWindow(), WM_SETICON, ICON_SMALL,
                                        (LPARAM)icon);
                            return S_OK;
                        })
                        .Get());

                return S_OK;
            })
            .Get(),
        &m_faviconChangedToken));  
```
## .NET / WinRT Registering a listener for favicon changes
```c#

> webView.CoreWebView2.FaviconUriChanged += (CoreWebView2 sender, Object arg) =>

Reviewer: There is no FaviconUriChanged event just FaviconChanged. Is this all still correct otherwise?

Reviewer 2: @david-risney  i am super excited any eta yet

        [out] EventRegistrationToken* token);

  /// Removing the event handler for `FaviconChanged` event
  HRESULT remove_FaviconChanged(
      [in] EventRegistrationToken token);

/// Async function for getting the actual image data of the favicon
 HRESULT GetFaviconAsync(
        [in] COREWEBVIEW2_FAVICON_IMAGE_FORMAT format,
        [in] IStream * imageStream,
        [in] ICoreWebView2GetFaviconCompletedHandler* eventHandler
 );

  /// used to access the current value of the favicon
  /// If a page has no favicon then this returns a nullptr
  [propget] HRESULT FaviconUri([out, retval] LPWSTR* value);

}
[v1_enum]
typedef enum COREWEBVIEW2_FAVICON_IMAGE_FORMAT {
    /// Indicates that the function should return the favicon in PNG format
    COREWEBVIEW2_CAPTURE_PREVIEW_IMAGE_FORMAT_PNG,

    /// Indicates that the function should return the favicon in JPG format
    COREWEBVIEW2_CAPTURE_PREVIEW_IMAGE_FORMAT_JPEG,
}
```

## .Net/ WinRT
```c#
namespace Microsoft.Web.WebView2.Core {

     enum CoreWebView2FaviconImageFormat
    {
        Png = 0,
        Jpeg = 1,
    };

/// Interface for the Favicon uri changed event handler
    runtimeclass CoreWebView2 {

>         Windows.Foundation.IAsyncAction GetFaviconAsync(CoreWebView2FaviconImageFormat imageFormat, Windows.Storage.Streams.IRandomAccessStream imageStream);

Reviewer: This should be in an interface_name block. If you run build-apiwriter.ps1 you can copy/paste this out of the generated IDL.

                    Callback<
                        ICoreWebView2GetFaviconCompletedHandler>(
                        [&pStream, this](HRESULT code) -> HRESULT {
                                    Gdiplus::Bitmap* pBitmap = new Gdiplus::Bitmap(pStream);
                                    HICON icon;
                                    pBitmap->GetHICON(&icon);
                                    SendMessage(
                                        m_appWindow->GetMainWindow(), WM_SETICON, ICON_SMALL,
                                        (LPARAM)icon);
                            return S_OK;
                        })
                        .Get());

                return S_OK;
            })
            .Get(),
        &m_faviconChangedToken));  
```
## .NET / WinRT Registering a listener for favicon changes
```c#
webView.CoreWebView2.FaviconChanged += (CoreWebView2 sender, Object arg) =>
{
    System.IO.Stream stream = new System.IO.MemoryStream();
    await webView.CoreWebView2.GetFaviconAsync(
        CoreWebView2FaviconImageFormat.Png,
        stream);
    // setting the window Icon to the bitmap
    this.Icon = BitmapFrame.Create(stream); 

};
```
# API Notes

> If a Web page does not have a Favicon, then the event is not fired.

Reviewer: This statement is a little confusing. The event is raised when the favicon changes. Presumably if it changes from us having a favicon to not having a favicon the event will be raised? If a page changes its favicon from a favicon to no favicon or we navigate from a page with a favicon to a page without a favicon then there must be some way for the end dev to know there's no longer a favicon. I would imagine we should raise the event in this case?

Reviewer 3: As a note also answer - Also what happens if we call GetFaviconAsync and there is no favicon?
here

Reviewer 3: Once I determine these details, I will add in more comments too (per Liangs request).

See [API Details](#api-details) Section below for API reference
# API Details
## Win32 C++
```cpp
/// Interface for the Favicon changed event handler
[uuid(A0CDE626-8E5E-4EE2-9766-58F3696978FE), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2FaviconChangedEventHandler : IUnknown {
  /// Called to provide the implementer with the event args for the
  /// corresponding event.
  HRESULT Invoke(
      [in] ICoreWebView2* sender,
      [in] IUnknown* args);
}

[uuid(93ACC5AD-DC22-419E-9A3F-75D96A1538E4), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2GetFaviconCompletedHandler : IUnknown {

>   /// Called to provide the implementer with the event args for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  /// Called to provide the implementer with the completion information of CoreWebView2.GetFaviconAsync.
```

  /// corresponding event.
  HRESULT Invoke([in] HRESULT error_code);
}

[uuid(DC838C64-F64B-4DC7-98EC-0992108E2157), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2_10 : ICoreWebView2_9 {
  /// Add an event handler for the `FaviconChanged` event.

>   /// `FaviconChanged` runs when the WebView favicon changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  /// `FaviconChanged` is raised when the favicon of the top-level document of the WebView2 changes.
```

  HRESULT add_FaviconChanged(
        [in] ICoreWebView2FaviconChangedEventHandler* eventHandler,
        [out] EventRegistrationToken* token);

  /// Removing the event handler for `FaviconChanged` event
  HRESULT remove_FaviconChanged(
      [in] EventRegistrationToken token);

> /// Async function for getting the actual image data of the favicon

Reviewer 3: I will handle the 2nd part with the next comment.

 HRESULT GetFaviconAsync(
        [in] COREWEBVIEW2_FAVICON_IMAGE_FORMAT format,
        [in] IStream * imageStream,
        [in] ICoreWebView2GetFaviconCompletedHandler* eventHandler
 );

  /// used to access the current value of the favicon
  /// If a page has no favicon then this returns a nullptr
  [propget] HRESULT FaviconUri([out, retval] LPWSTR* value);

}
[v1_enum]
typedef enum COREWEBVIEW2_FAVICON_IMAGE_FORMAT {

>     /// Indicates that the function should return the favicon in PNG format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// Indicates that CoreWebView2.GetFaviconAsync should return the favicon in PNG format.
```

    COREWEBVIEW2_CAPTURE_PREVIEW_IMAGE_FORMAT_PNG,

>     /// Indicates that the function should return the favicon in JPG format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// Indicates that CoreWebView2.GetFaviconAsync should return the favicon in JPG format.
```

                    sender->GetFaviconAsync(
                        COREWEBVIEW2_FAVICON_IMAGE_FORMAT_PNG, 
                        pStream,
                        Callback<
                            ICoreWebView2StagingGetFaviconCompletedHandler>(
                            [&pStream, this](HRESULT code) -> HRESULT {
                                     Gdiplus::Bitmap* pBitmap = new Gdiplus::Bitmap(pStream);
                                     HICON icon;
                                     pBitmap->GetHICON(&icon);
                                     SendMessage(
                                         m_appWindow->GetMainWindow(), WM_SETICON, ICON_SMALL,
                                         (LPARAM)icon);
                                return S_OK;
                            })
                            .Get());

                    return S_OK;
                })
                .Get(),
            &m_faviconChangedToken));  
    ```
## .NET / WinRT Registering a listener for favicon changes
```c#
webView.CoreWebView2.FaviconUriChanged += (CoreWebView2 sender, Object arg) =>
{
    string  value = sender.faviconUri;

>     SaveFaviconUrl(url);

Reviewer: In an app we likely wouldn't need to both save the favicon URL and display the stream. Probably can have the sample just use the stream.

    System.IO.Stream stream = new System.IO.MemoryStream();

    sender.GetFaviconAsync(
        CoreWebView2FaviconImageFormat.Jpeg,
        stream,
        (HRESULT code) => {

>             SaveBytes(stream.ToArray());

Reviewer: The .NET sample should match the C++ sample in spirit. Rather than saving the stream, we should be displaying the icon somehow

  /// corresponding event.
  HRESULT Invoke([in] HRESULT error_code);
}

[uuid(DC838C64-F64B-4DC7-98EC-0992108E2157), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2_5 : ICoreWebView2_4 {
  /// Add an event handler for the `FaviconChanged` event.
  /// `FaviconChanged` runs when the WebView favicon changes
  HRESULT add_FaviconChanged(
        [in] ICoreWebView2FaviconChangedEventHandler* eventHandler,
        [out] EventRegistrationToken* token);

  /// Removing the event handler for `FaviconChanged` event
  HRESULT remove_FaviconChanged(
      [in] EventRegistrationToken token);

/// Async function for getting the actual image data of the favicon
 HRESULT GetFaviconAsync(
        [in] COREWEBVIEW2_FAVICON_IMAGE_FORMAT format,
        [in] IStream * imageStream,
        [in] ICoreWebView2GetFaviconCompletedHandler* eventHandler
 );

  /// used to access the current value of the favicon
  /// If a page has no favicon then this returns a nullptr
  [propget] HRESULT FaviconUri([out, retval] LPWSTR* value);

}
[v1_enum]
typedef enum COREWEBVIEW2_FAVICON_IMAGE_FORMAT {
    /// Indicates that the function should return the favicon in PNG format

>     COREWEBVIEW2_CAPTURE_PREVIEW_IMAGE_FORMAT_PNG,

Reviewer: Let's rename this just COREWEBVIEW2_IMAGE_FORMAT so we can reuse this enum next time.
```suggestion
    COREWEBVIEW2_IMAGE_FORMAT_PNG,
```

    /// Indicates that the function should return the favicon in JPG format
    COREWEBVIEW2_CAPTURE_PREVIEW_IMAGE_FORMAT_JPEG,
}
```

## .Net/ WinRT
```c#
namespace Microsoft.Web.WebView2.Core {

    delegate void CoreWebView2GetFaviconCompletedHandler()

     enum CoreWebView2FaviconImageFormat
    {
        Png = 0,
        Jpeg = 1,
    };

/// Interface for the Favicon uri changed event handler
    runtimeclass CoreWebView2 {
        event Windows.Foundation.TypedEventHandler<CoreWebView2, Object> FaviconChanged;
        string FaviconUri {get;};

>         void GetFaviconAsync(

Reviewer: You should be able to copy the MIDL3 content out of Microsoft.Web.WebView2.Core.idl generated by build-apiwriter. The async API should look something like this:

`Windows.Foundation.IAsyncAction CapturePreviewAsync(CoreWebView2CapturePreviewImageFormat imageFormat, Windows.Storage.Streams.IRandomAccessStream imageStream);`

In WinRT there won't be a delegate (above) and you don't pass in a handler parameter

# Background

> A Favicon is an asset which is a part of a webpage, and typically displayed on each tab. Developers would

Reviewer: This sentence leaves out that its a small icon and describing it as part of a webpage is sort of misleading since its a separate file. MDN describes it as
```suggestion
A favicon (favorite icon) is a tiny icon included along with a website, which is displayed in places like the browser's address bar, page tabs and bookmarks menu. Developers would
```

> like to have an API which allows them to retrieve the Favicon of a webpage, if it has been set, as well as get an update whenever the favicon has changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
like to have an API which allows them to retrieve the Favicon of a webpage, if it has been set, and to be notified whenever the favicon has changed.
```

# Description

> We propose a new Webview2 event which would allow developers access the current Favicon of a page, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We propose a new Webview2 event which would allow developers to access the current Favicon of a page, 
```

> as well as be notified when the favicon changes. This means when a page first loads, it would fire

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and be notified when the favicon changes. This means when a page first loads, it would fire
```

> as well as be notified when the favicon changes. This means when a page first loads, it would fire

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as well as be notified when the favicon changes. This means when a page first loads, it would raise
```

> the Favicon change event as the icon has inialized to null. DOM or Javascript may change the Favicon,

Reviewer: We need to include something about this in the documentation for the event.

> the Favicon change event as the icon has inialized to null. DOM or Javascript may change the Favicon,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the FaviconChanged event since before parsing the HTML document there is no known favicon. DOM or JavaScript may change the Favicon,
```

> causing the event to fire again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
causing the event to be raised again for the same document.
```

                                    SendMessage(
                                        m_appWindow->GetMainWindow(), WM_SETICON, ICON_SMALL,
                                        (LPARAM)icon);
                            return S_OK;
                        })
                        .Get());

                return S_OK;
            })
            .Get(),
        &m_faviconChangedToken));  
```
## .NET / WinRT Registering a listener for favicon changes
```c#
webView.CoreWebView2.FaviconChanged += (CoreWebView2 sender, Object arg) =>
{
    System.IO.Stream stream = new System.IO.MemoryStream();
    await webView.CoreWebView2.GetFaviconAsync(
        CoreWebView2FaviconImageFormat.Png,
        stream);
    // setting the window Icon to the bitmap
    this.Icon = BitmapFrame.Create(stream); 

};
```
# API Notes
If a Web page does not have a Favicon, then the event is only fires when the
page is navigated to. The Favicon would be an empty image and Uri. The
user is expected to handle this scenario.
See [API Details](#api-details) Section below for API reference
# API Details
## Win32 C++
```cpp
/// This interface is a handler for when the `Favicon` is changed.

> /// The sender is the embedded_browser which handle the change and the

Reviewer: embedded_browser isn't a public name

```suggestion
/// The sender is the ICoreWebView2 object the top-level document of which has changed favicon and the eventArgs is nullptr. Use the FaviconUri property and GetFavicon method to obtain the favicon data.
```

/// second argument is null.
/// For more information see `add_FaviconChanged`.
[uuid(2913DA94-833D-4DE0-8DCA-900FC524A1A4), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2ExperimentalFaviconChangedEventHandler : IUnknown {
  /// Called to notify the favicon changed.
  HRESULT Invoke(
      [in] ICoreWebView2* sender,
      [in] IUnknown* args);
}

/// This interface is a handler for the completion of the copying for the`imageStream`.
/// The 'error_code` is E_NOT_SET if the there is no image. Otherwise error_code 
/// is the result from the image write operation.
/// For more details, see the `GetFavicon` API.
[uuid(A2508329-7DA8-49D7-8C05-FA125E4AEE8D), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2ExperimentalGetFaviconCompletedHandler : IUnknown {
  /// Called to notify the favicon has been retrieved.
  HRESULT Invoke([in] HRESULT error_code);
}

/// This is the ICoreWebView2 Experimental Favicon interface.

> /// It has the capability to fire an event for the changing of the

Reviewer: Would be good to say which favicon we're talking about. Also we use the word 'raise' instead of 'fire' for events. Would be nice to include a link to MDN favicon definition.

```suggestion
/// The `FaviconChanged` event is raised when the [favicon](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Favicon) of the top-level document changes. The favicon can change when navigating to a new document or if script dynamically changes the favicon. When navigating from a document with a favicon to a new URI, the FaviconChanged event will be raised first for first navigating to a new document which declares a favicon in its HTML or has script to set its favicon, the document and the FaviconChanged event will be raised for that
```

/// Favicon. When a new page loads event would fire due to Favicon not being set.
/// The event would also set the Favicon when the set by DOM or Javascript.
[uuid(DC838C64-F64B-4DC7-98EC-0992108E2157), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2_10 : ICoreWebView2_9 {
    /// Add an event handler for the `FaviconChanged` event.
    HRESULT add_FaviconChanged(
        [in] ICoreWebView2ExperimentalFaviconChangedEventHandler* eventHandler,
        [out] EventRegistrationToken* token);

    /// Remove the event handler for `FaviconChanged` event.
    HRESULT remove_FaviconChanged(
        [in] EventRegistrationToken token);

    /// Get the current Uri of the favicon.
    /// If value is null, the `HRESULT` `E_POINTER`, otherwise it is `S_OK`.
    /// If a page has no favicon then value is an empty string.
    [propget] HRESULT FaviconUri([out, retval] LPWSTR* value);

    /// Async function for getting the actual image data of the favicon.
    /// If the `imageStream` is null, the `HRESULT` will be `E_POINTER`, otherwise
    /// it is `S_OK`.
    /// The image is copied to the `imageStream` object and when complete,

>     /// it will execute the `eventHandler` if it was set.

Reviewer: Please document what happens if this is called and the page has no favicon.

/// It has the capability to fire an event for the changing of the
/// Favicon. When a new page loads event would fire due to Favicon not being set.
/// The event would also set the Favicon when the set by DOM or Javascript.
[uuid(DC838C64-F64B-4DC7-98EC-0992108E2157), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2_10 : ICoreWebView2_9 {
    /// Add an event handler for the `FaviconChanged` event.
    HRESULT add_FaviconChanged(
        [in] ICoreWebView2ExperimentalFaviconChangedEventHandler* eventHandler,
        [out] EventRegistrationToken* token);

    /// Remove the event handler for `FaviconChanged` event.
    HRESULT remove_FaviconChanged(
        [in] EventRegistrationToken token);

    /// Get the current Uri of the favicon as a string.
    /// If value is null, the `HRESULT` `E_POINTER`, otherwise it is `S_OK`.
    /// If a page has no favicon then value is an empty string.
    [propget] HRESULT FaviconUri([out, retval] LPWSTR* value);

    /// Async function for getting the actual image data of the favicon.
    /// If the `imageStream` is null, the `HRESULT` will be `E_POINTER`, otherwise
    /// it is `S_OK`.

>     /// The image is copied to the `imageStream` object and when complete. If

Reviewer: Something is missing from this sentence.

    /// there is no image then no data would be copied into the imageStream.

>     /// In either scenario the `eventHandler` is executed at the end of the operation.

Reviewer: eventHandler should be named completedHandler or something like that. Not an event.

                    Callback<
                        ICoreWebView2GetFaviconCompletedHandler>(
                        [&pStream, this](HRESULT code) -> HRESULT {
                                    Gdiplus::Bitmap* pBitmap = new Gdiplus::Bitmap(pStream);
                                    HICON icon;
                                    pBitmap->GetHICON(&icon);
                                    SendMessage(
                                        m_appWindow->GetMainWindow(), WM_SETICON, ICON_SMALL,
                                        (LPARAM)icon);
                            return S_OK;
                        })
                        .Get());

                return S_OK;
            })
            .Get(),
        &m_faviconChangedToken));  
```
## .NET / WinRT Registering a listener for favicon changes
```c#
webView.CoreWebView2.FaviconChanged += (CoreWebView2 sender, Object arg) =>
{
    System.IO.Stream stream = new System.IO.MemoryStream();
    await webView.CoreWebView2.GetFaviconAsync(
        CoreWebView2FaviconImageFormat.Png,
        stream);
    // setting the window Icon to the bitmap
    this.Icon = BitmapFrame.Create(stream); 

};
```
# API Notes

> If a Web page does not have a Favicon, then the FaviconChanged event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that even if a web page does not have a Favicon, the FaviconChanged event
```

> is fired when the page is navigated to. The Favicon would be an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is raised when the page is navigated to. The Favicon would be an
```

> empty image and empty Uri. The user is expected to handle this scenario.

Reviewer: I think I know what you mean but also that the question will be asked so good to clarify now about 'empty image'. I guess you mean the IStream for the image data has 0 bytes and not that its like a 0x0 sized image or something.
```suggestion
empty image stream and empty Uri for the lack of a favicon. The end developer is expected to handle this scenario.
```

> Otherwise we fire the FaviconChanged with an observed change to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, we raise the FaviconChanged with an observed change to the
```

> Favicon. In that scenario, we would provide the Uri of the Favicon we

Reviewer: I guess you mean the properties are updated with the new favicon value. Saying we provide them while raising the event makes it sound like they're on the event args.

Also instead of 'we' please use the type or object or whatever that is doing it.

```suggestion
Favicon. In that scenario, the CoreWebView2 has an updated value for the FaviconUri property, and the GetFavicon method to match the updated favicon.
```

/// The sender is the ICoreWebView2 object the top-level document of 
/// which has changed favicon and the eventArgs is nullptr. Use the 
/// FaviconUri property and GetFavicon method to obtain the favicon 
/// data. The second argument is always null.
/// For more information see `add_FaviconChanged`.
[uuid(2913DA94-833D-4DE0-8DCA-900FC524A1A4), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2FaviconChangedEventHandler : IUnknown {
  /// Called to notify the favicon changed.
  HRESULT Invoke(
      [in] ICoreWebView2* sender,
      [in] IUnknown* args);
}

/// This interface is a handler for the completion of the copying for the`imageStream`.
/// The 'error_code` is E_NOT_SET if the there is no image. Otherwise error_code 
/// is the result from the image write operation.
/// For more details, see the `GetFavicon` API.
[uuid(A2508329-7DA8-49D7-8C05-FA125E4AEE8D), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2GetFaviconCompletedHandler : IUnknown {
  /// Called to notify the favicon has been retrieved.
  HRESULT Invoke([in] HRESULT error_code);
}

/// This is the ICoreWebView2 Experimental Favicon interface.

> /// The `FaviconChanged` event is raised when the 

Reviewer: This is good documentation for the FaviconChanged event. Please move it to just above the add_FaviconChanged method decl below so it shows up in the right spot in our ref docs.

/// [favicon](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Favicon)
/// of the top-level document changes or if script dynamically changes the favicon.
/// The FaviconChanged event will be raised for first navigating to a new 
/// document, whether or not a document declares a Favicon in HTML. The event will 
/// be raised again if a favicon is declared in its HTML or has script to set its favicon.
/// The favicon infromation can then be retrieved with `GetFavicon` and `FaviconUri`.
[uuid(DC838C64-F64B-4DC7-98EC-0992108E2157), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2_10 : ICoreWebView2_9 {
    /// Add an event handler for the `FaviconChanged` event.
    HRESULT add_FaviconChanged(
        [in] ICoreWebViewFaviconChangedEventHandler* eventHandler,
        [out] EventRegistrationToken* token);

    /// Remove the event handler for `FaviconChanged` event.
    HRESULT remove_FaviconChanged(
        [in] EventRegistrationToken token);

    /// Get the current Uri of the favicon as a string.

>     /// If value is null, the `HRESULT` `E_POINTER`, otherwise it is `S_OK`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// If value is null, then the return value is `E_POINTER`, otherwise it is `S_OK`.
```

# Background
A favicon (favorite icon) is a tiny icon included along with a website, which is displayed in places like the browser's address bar, page tabs and bookmarks menu. Developers would like to have an API which allows them to retrieve the Favicon of a webpage, if it has been set, as well as get an update whenever the favicon has changed.

# Description
We propose a new Webview2 event which would allow developers to access the current Favicon of a page and be notified when the favicon changes. This means when a page first loads, it would raise the FaviconChanged event since before parsing the HTML document there is no known favicon. DOM or JavaScript may change the Favicon, causing the event to be raised again for the same document.

# Examples
## Win32 C++ Registering a listener for favicon changes
```cpp
    CHECK_FAILURE(m_webView->add_FaviconChanged(
        Callback<ICoreWebView2FaviconChangedEventHandler>(
            [this](ICoreWebView2* sender, IUnknown* args) -> HRESULT {
                
                wil::unique_cotaskmem_string url;
                CHECK_FAILURE(sender->get_FaviconUri(&url));

>                 wil::com_ptr<IStream> pStream = SHCreateMemStream(nullptr, 0);

Reviewer: The Hungarian naming style of 'p' prefix isn't something we do anymore (and also is the incorrect Hungarian prefix for this type)

```suggestion
                wil::com_ptr<IStream> stream = SHCreateMemStream(nullptr, 0);
```

                sender->GetFavicon(
                    COREWEBVIEW2_FAVICON_IMAGE_FORMAT_PNG, 
                    pStream,
                    Callback<
                        ICoreWebView2GetFaviconCompletedHandler>(
                        [&pStream, this](HRESULT code) -> HRESULT {
                                    Gdiplus::Bitmap* pBitmap = new Gdiplus::Bitmap(pStream);
                                    HICON icon;

>                                     pBitmap->GetHICON(&icon);

Reviewer: Can this fail? Do we need to check return value of GetHICON?

                                        (LPARAM)icon);
                            return S_OK;
                        })
                        .Get());

                return S_OK;
            })
            .Get(),
        &m_faviconChangedToken));  
```
## .NET / WinRT Registering a listener for favicon changes
```c#
webView.CoreWebView2.FaviconChanged += (CoreWebView2 sender, Object arg) =>
{
    System.IO.Stream stream = new System.IO.MemoryStream();
    await webView.CoreWebView2.GetFaviconAsync(
        CoreWebView2FaviconImageFormat.Png,
        stream);
    // setting the window Icon to the bitmap
    this.Icon = BitmapFrame.Create(stream); 

};
```
# API Notes
Note that even if a web page does not have a Favicon, the FaviconChanged event
is raised when the page is navigated to. The Favicon would be an
empty image stream and empty Uri for the lack of a favicon. The end developer is expected to handle this scenario.
Otherwise, we raise the FaviconChanged with an observed change to the
Favicon. In that scenario, the CoreWebView2 has an updated value for the FaviconUri property, and the GetFavicon method to match the updated favicon.

> observed and a copy of the image.

Reviewer: Old text
```suggestion
```

/// The 'error_code` is E_NOT_SET if the there is no image. Otherwise error_code 
/// is the result from the image write operation.
/// For more details, see the `GetFavicon` API.
[uuid(A2508329-7DA8-49D7-8C05-FA125E4AEE8D), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2GetFaviconCompletedHandler : IUnknown {
  /// Called to notify the favicon has been retrieved.
  HRESULT Invoke([in] HRESULT error_code);
}

/// This is the ICoreWebView2 Experimental Favicon interface.
[uuid(DC838C64-F64B-4DC7-98EC-0992108E2157), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2_10 : ICoreWebView2_9 {
    /// Add an event handler for the `FaviconChanged` event.
    /// The `FaviconChanged` event is raised when the 
    /// [favicon](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Favicon)
    /// of the top-level document changes or if script dynamically changes the favicon.
    /// The FaviconChanged event will be raised for first navigating to a new 
    /// document, whether or not a document declares a Favicon in HTML. The event will 
    /// be raised again if a favicon is declared in its HTML or has script 

>     /// to set its favicon. The favicon infromation can then be retrieved with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// to set its favicon. The favicon information can then be retrieved with 
```

# Background

> A Favicon is an asset which is a part of every webpage, and typically displayed on each tab. Developers would

Reviewer: A webpage doesn't necessarily have a favicon, correct? It would be good to also document what the value of the FaviconUrl property is when there's no favicon.

like to have an API which allows them to retrieve the Favicon of a webpage, as well as get an update whenever
the favicon has changed.

# Description
We propose a new Webview2 event which would allow developers to get access to the current Favicon of a page, 
as well as be notified when the favicon changes.

# Examples
## Win32 C++ Registering a listener for favicon changes
    ```cpp
        CHECK_FAILURE(m_webView->add_FaviconChanged(
            Microsoft::WRL::Callback<ICoreWebView2FaviconUpdateEventHandler>(
            [this](ICoreWebView2* sender, IUnknown* args) -> HRESULT
            {
                
                LPWSTR value;

>                 CHECK_FAILURE(sender->get_FaviconUrl(&value));

Reviewer: Generally we want the sample code to do something useful. In this case what do we expect the end dev to do with the favicon URI?

                return S_OK;
            }
         ).Get(),
        &m_faviconChangedToken));  
    ```
## .NET / WinRT Registering a listener for favicon changes
```c#
webView.CoreWebView2.FaviconChanged += (CoreWebView2 sender, Object arg) =>
{
    string  value = sender.faviconUrl;

};
```
# API Notes
See [API Details](#api-details) Section below for API reference
# API Details
## Win32 C++
```cpp
/// Interface for the Favicon changed event handler
[uuid(A0CDE626-8E5E-4EE2-9766-58F3696978FE), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2FaviconChangedEventHandler : IUnknown {
  /// Called to provide the implementer with the event args for the
  /// corresponding event.
  HRESULT Invoke(
      [in] ICoreWebView2* sender,
      [in] IUnknown* args);
}

[uuid(DC838C64-F64B-4DC7-98EC-0992108E2157), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2_5 : ICoreWebView2_4 {
  /// Add an event handler for the `FaviconChanged` event.
  /// `FaviconChanged` runs when the WebView favicon changes

>   HRESULT add_FaviconChanged(

Reviewer: The event name should match the property name.
```suggestion
  HRESULT add_FaviconUrlChanged(
```

        [in] ICoreWebView2FaviconChangedEventHandler* eventHandler,
        [out] EventRegistrationToken* token);

  /// Removing the event handler for `FaviconChanged` event
  HRESULT remove_FaviconChanged(
      [in] EventRegistrationToken token);

  /// used to access the current value of the favicon

>   [propget] HRESULT FaviconUrl([out, retval] LPWSTR* value);

Reviewer: We generally use URI instead of URL in our API.
```suggestion
  [propget] HRESULT FaviconUri([out, retval] LPWSTR* value);
```

# Background
A Favicon is an asset which is a part of a  webpage, and typically displayed on each tab. Developers would
like to have an API which allows them to retrieve the Favicon of a webpage, if it has one, as well as get an update whenever
the favicon has changed.

# Description
We propose a new Webview2 event which would allow developers access the current Favicon of a page, 
as well as be notified when the favicon changes.

# Examples
## Win32 C++ Registering a listener for favicon changes
    ```cpp
        CHECK_FAILURE(m_webView->add_FaviconUriChanged(
            Microsoft::WRL::Callback<ICoreWebView2FaviconUriChangedEventHandler>(
            [this](ICoreWebView2* sender, IUnknown* args) -> HRESULT
            {
                

>                 LPWSTR value;

Reviewer: This should be `wil::unique_cotaskmem_string value;` so we don't leak the string

                CHECK_FAILURE(sender->get_FaviconUri(&value));

> 

Reviewer: Adding again since the previous comment doesn't show up anymore: the sample code should demonstrate how to use the API. In this case we don't do anything with the FaviconUri property result.

Reviewer: Unresolving this comment again. The sample code obtains the FaviconUrl but doesn't do anything with it. I think its fine if the sample just uses one or the other of FaviconUrl or GetFavicon since that's how we expect end devs to use it. Should be fine to just remove the url and get_FaviconUri call

See [API Details](#api-details) Section below for API reference
# API Details
## Win32 C++
```cpp
/// Interface for the Favicon changed event handler
[uuid(A0CDE626-8E5E-4EE2-9766-58F3696978FE), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2FaviconUriChangedEventHandler : IUnknown {
  /// Called to provide the implementer with the event args for the
  /// corresponding event.
  HRESULT Invoke(
      [in] ICoreWebView2* sender,
      [in] IUnknown* args);
}

[uuid(DC838C64-F64B-4DC7-98EC-0992108E2157), object, pointer_default(unique)]
interface ICoreWebView2_5 : ICoreWebView2_4 {
  /// Add an event handler for the `FaviconChanged` event.
  /// `FaviconChanged` runs when the WebView favicon changes
  HRESULT add_FaviconUriChanged(
        [in] ICoreWebView2FaviconUriChangedEventHandler* eventHandler,
        [out] EventRegistrationToken* token);

  /// Removing the event handler for `FaviconChanged` event
  HRESULT remove_FaviconUriChanged(
      [in] EventRegistrationToken token);

  /// used to access the current value of the favicon
  /// If a page has no favicon then this returns a nullptr
  [propget] HRESULT FaviconUri([out, retval] LPWSTR* value);

> }

Reviewer: We had discussed separately about having a method for getting the stream for the favicon data in addition to the URI. Just noting that here for tracking
